add notifications.incoming_message_for_focused_chat agent property (#751)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/changelog/index.mdx

## [v3.3] - Developer preview

### Agents

> - New notification type [`incoming_message_for_focused_chat`](/management/configuration-api/v3.2/#create-agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In [**Create Agent**](/management/configuration-api/v3.3/#create-agent), there's a new notification option, `incoming_message_for_focused_chat`.
```
